>> Kyle Simpson: At
the outset of the course,
I talked about three core
pillars of the language.
And one of those three core
pillars that's very critical for
you to understand is
the objects oriented system.
The objects, the this keyword and
the prototypes,
those make up the objects oriented system.
I'm deliberately saying objects
oriented instead of object oriented
because this is not
strictly a class system,
there is classes that have
been layered on top of it.
And that is an option that
many people prefer, but
it is not inherently a class system.
So we're gonna start by
understanding this keyword,
which is one of
the foundational pieces here.
We'll look at what the class system does,
the class keyword layered
on top of JavaScript.
And then we'll circle back to understand
where that is syntactic sugar on top of,
which is actually the prototype system.
And then after we've fully
understood how JavaScript's
objects system has been used to
implement the class pattern,
what I'm gonna leave you with at the end
of this unit is a discussion about
the inheritance pattern from classes
as opposed to the delegation pattern.
And I'm gonna argue that the delegation
pattern is a more powerful pattern
that we basically aren't taking
advantage of because we're
focused on only doing classes
with JavaScript's prototypes.
The delegation pattern is much more
powerful and much more widespread,
but we sort of focus very
myopically only on classes.
And that leads us to a comparison of
coding styles where OO is class oriented
in JavaScript, and I've come up with a
different style of code that I call OLOO,
which stands for
objects linked to other objects.